
Wanna motivate staff to be more secure? Don't bother bribing 'em
https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/01/17/staff_security_training/
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Hh5YPbuxzWSBR9oRN5x0ikVyXeT-DuO1/view


Intel AMT Security Issue Lets Attackers Bypass BIOS and BitLocker Passwords
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/intel-amt-security-issue-lets-attackers-bypass-bios-and-bitlocker-passwords/

The First "Serverless Architectures Security Top 10" Guide Released
https://www.puresec.io/blog/serverless-top-10-released
https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/4166658/SAS-Top10-2018/PureSec%20-%20SAS%20Top%2010%20-%202018.pdf

Who's using 2FA? Sweet FA. Less than 1 in 10 Gmail users enable two-factor authentication
https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/01/17/no_one_uses_two_factor_authentication/

Flaw in Popular Transmission BitTorrent Client Lets Hackers Control Your PC Remotely
https://thehackernews.com/2018/01/bittorent-transmission-hacking.html


Some Basic Rules for Securing Your IoT Stuff
https://krebsonsecurity.com/2018/01/some-basic-rules-for-securing-your-iot-stuff/


Hacker Might Have Stolen the Healthcare Data for Half of Norway’s Population
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hacker-might-have-stolen-the-healthcare-data-for-half-of-norway-s-population/
######## CRF

LeakedSource Founder Arrested for Selling 3 Billion Stolen Credentials
https://thehackernews.com/2018/01/leakedsource-operator-charged.html

Common Approaches to Automated Application Security Testing - SAST and DAST
http://www.securityweek.com/common-approaches-automated-application-security-testing-sast-and-dast

Hackers Exploiting Three Microsoft Office Flaws to Spread Zyklon Malware
https://thehackernews.com/2018/01/microsoft-office-malware.html

OnePlus Site’s Payment System Reportedly Hacked to Steal Credit Card Details
https://thehackernews.com/2018/01/oneplus-credit-card.html

AWS - How do we secure our datacenters
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/data-centers/

Meltdown / Spectre patches compendium
https://github.com/hannob/meltdownspectre-patches

GhostTeam Android Malware Can Steal Facebook Credentials
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/ghostteam-android-malware-can-steal-facebook-credentials/
Google intros Security Center tool for G Suite
http://www.zdnet.com/article/google-intros-security-center-tool-for-g-suite/

Skygofree — Powerful Android Spyware Discovered
https://www.csoonline.com/article/3248825/security/skygofree-powerful-android-spyware-with-advanced-surveillance-tools.html

Hawaii missile alert triggered by one wrong click
https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2018/01/16/hawaii-missile-alert-triggered-by-one-wrong-click/



MailChimp leaks your email address
https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2018/01/mailchimp-leaks-your-email-address/

CloudFlair: Bypassing Cloudflare using Internet-wide scan data
https://blog.christophetd.fr/bypassing-cloudflare-using-internet-wide-scan-data/


Aadhaar Getting Additional Security Layer
https://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/aadhaar-getting-additional-security-layer-a-10595

Some thoughts on Spectre and Meltdown
http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2018-01-17-some-thoughts-on-spectre-and-meltdown.html


Yes, Hawaii emergency management stuck a password on a sticky note
https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2018/01/18/yes-hawaii-emergency-management-stuck-a-password-on-a-sticky-note/

####### Tech/Tools

How to fix the Docker and UFW security flaw
https://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-to-fix-the-docker-and-ufw-security-flaw/


Bypassing CSP by Abusing JSONP Endpoints
https://medium.com/@mazin.ahmed/bypassing-csp-by-abusing-jsonp-endpoints-47cf453624d5

https://www.xorrior.com/emond-persistence/ Leveraging Emond on macOS For Persistence

https://crates.io/crates/pgen/1.0.1 pgen(1) – Passphrase Generator

https://github.com/mikesiegel/ews-crack Exchange Web Services Cracker
